Add return value (#38181)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/action/setbadgebackgroundcolor/index.md

- If `windowId` and `tabId` are both supplied, the function fails and the color is not set.
- If `windowId` and `tabId` are both omitted, the global badge background color is set instead.

## Return value

> A [`Promise`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that resolves when the color has been set.

Reviewer: @mellash any reason for not using the usual pattern?
```suggestion
A [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) fulfilled with the color set. If the request fails, the promise is rejected with an error message.
```

Author: Explicitly specifying the return type can help newcomers(from [chrome developer doc](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api) to MDN). Additionally, [issue #37866](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/37866#issuecomment-2661646211) highlights inconsistencies where some APIs do not mention their return types.

I wasn’t aware that omitting return types and adding return type when necessary was a decided pattern for the WebExtension section, but explicitly stating them could improve clarity without causing any issues.

Reviewer: Yes please
